
I have some partially implemented features, I need you to add appropriate UI.

The following is a list of server methods that have been implemented but need to have UI added. 

The database has some tables called command, menu, and menu_command. These are supposed to keep track of all possible commands from each of the 
player "menus".

The server is supposed to keep track of the player's current menu at all times, and return this information to the client after commands, so 
that the client can display the correct prompt and accept the appropriate input. Check how that's already being done.

    Menu   Key	    Handler	 
1. Sector  U	handleUseTerraformDevice	
2. Sector  L	handleLandOnPlanet	
3. Planet  D	handlePlanetDisplay	
4. Planet  Z	handleDestroyPlanet
5. Planet  Q	handleLeavePlanet
6. Sector  G	handleListDeployedDrones

1. Use Terraform Device
It should print out the number of Terraform devices that are on the player's ship. 
If the player doesn't have any, a message to that effect is displayed and the user is returned to the Sector menu.  
If there are 1 or more, ask the user if they would like to use one in the current sector to create a planet. 
If they say yes, then choose a random planet type and create a planet of that type in the sector.
Once created, count the number of planets in the sector. If it's more than the max_planets_per_sector value form the current universe's edit (see table `edits`), 
then a new record should be inserted in the planet_collisions table. Pick one of the other planets in the sector at random to be one of the planets in the collision.
Pick a random hour between planet_collisions_min_hours and planet_collision_max_hours, and add that to the current time to calculate the collision time. 
Change the sector display to include information about any upcoming planet collision in the current sector.
Also make sure that the sector display is showing the list of planets in the sector.

2. Land on Planet
This command is partly implemented. When the user uses the L key from the sector menu, the game should list available planets by id, name, and type.
The player must type a planet id (also let them quit back to sector menu) to land. Once landed, they are on the planet menu. 
Available commands here are Q (to leave the planet and go back to the sector menu), D (to display the planet; show all values stored on the planets table),
and Z to destroy the planet. If the user destroys the planet, they are returned to the sector menu. The planet should be deleted, and the planet_collisions entry,
if any, should be deleted (via cascading delete - add the constraint if it does not exist). Show appropriate messaging to the player.
However, there is a special planet. Sector 1 is supposed to always have a planet called Earth. The feature was partly implemented, we need to fix it.
Delete the config file initial-values.json and remove all references to it. Instead, update the schema, including universe generation as well as the 
importUniverse script, to add a column to the edits table, `starting_earth_colonists` and set it to one million. Then make sure that this number of colonists 
gets added to the planet Earth in sector 1 on universe creation (and during importUniverse  and wherever else is appropriate). You can use the fuel colonists
column on the planet. Then we want to change the "L"and command to be special when in sector 1. Instead of doing all the "pick a planet" stuff we just automatically
land the player on earth and prompt them to eiether Leave or Take colonists (or Quit to go back to sector 1 prompt). On any planet other than earth, leaving or taking
colonists requires also specifying a commodity, but on planet earth, just always assume it's fuel ore. Also, we don't need to display any info when on planet earth
except the number of colonists (and we don't need to know which commodity they're assigned to).
For other planets, let's not bother implementing the leave/take colonists functionality yet because it's more complicated.

Please try to use existing code, where appropriate, instead of creating new stuff. you might find the ./docs useful. 